obstetric.md, before:

|中文名称|术语  |中文名称  |术语  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 妊娠糖尿病 |GDM  | 末次月经 |LMP(Last menstrual period) |
| 糖尿病 |Diabetes_mellitus |  高血压|  hypertension|
|心脏病| heart disease|外伤|injury|
|过敏|allergy|输血|blood transfusion
|首诊| First prenatal cheek-up |复诊| Routine examintain |
|孕周| gestational week |末次月经|LMP(last menstrual pernd |
|产次| Parity |孕次| gravidity |
|多胎| Multiple gestation |足月产≥37| Term |
|早产28-37| Preterm |流产| Abortion 
|宫外孕|exfetation|手术|operation
|子宫|uterus||
|先天畸形|congenital malformation|遗传病|heritable disease
|浮肿|edema|诊断|diagnosis
|医嘱|doctor's advice|胎儿|fetus
|处理|treatment|体温|temperature
|存活| Living |产前保健| Prenatal care |
|预产期| EDD(estimated date of deliving) |产房| labour |
|血压| BP（blood pressvire）|宫高| Fundal height |
|腹围| Waist hip |胎心| Fetal heart |
|胎心率| Fetal heart rate （fhr）
|身高| Height |体重| Weight |
|孕前体重|pre_weight|当前体重|current_weight
|体重增加|weight_gain|
| BMI | Body mass index |胎方位| Fetal position |
|血型| Blood type |先露| Presentation |
|脉搏| pulse |筛查| Screening |
|病史| Medical history |现病史| HPI（history of present illness）|
|既往史| Past medical history |家族史| family history |
|月经史| Menstrual history |生孕史（孕产史）| Pregnancy History |
|衔接| engagement |初产| primiparity |
|经产| Multiparity |单双胎| singleton twin(s) multiple |
|产前| antepartum |产时| intrapartum  |
|产后| postpartum |高危妊娠| High-risk pregnanog |
|产后出血| Postpartum hemorrhage |子痫| Eclampsia |
|羊水过多| Poly hydramnion |羊水过少| Oligohydramnios |
|死产| Stillbirth |死胎| Fetus death |
|新生儿窒息| Neonatal asphyxia | 
|产程图| partogram |妊娠图| Pregnogram |
|胎盘|Placenta|标本|specimen
|穿刺|puncture||
|胎盘早剥| Placental abruption |妊娠高危| pregnancy highrisk|
|双顶径| BPD(biparietal diameter)| 主诉|chief complaint
|唐氏筛查|Down's screening|21三体|Trisomy21
|地中海贫血|thalassemia|B超|ultrasound
|早-中-晚|early-middle-late|过程评估|process evaluation
|人绒毛膜促性腺激素|HCG|其他异常|other anomalies
|脐带血|umbilical cord blood（UCB）|绒毛|villus
|停经|menopause|脐血流|umbilical blood flow
|体格检查|physical check-up|

Commit message:

EDD细分及修正
EDD 英文全称修正estimated date of deliving为expected date of delivery
预产期细分为 EDD-LMP（expected date of delivery - last menstrual period） 和EDD-AUA（expected date of delivery - average ultronsonic age），即预产期-末次月经和预产期-平均超声孕龄；

obstetric.md, after:

|中文名称|术语  |中文名称  |术语  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 妊娠糖尿病 |GDM  | 末次月经 |LMP(Last menstrual period) |
| 糖尿病 |Diabetes_mellitus |  高血压|  hypertension|
|心脏病| heart disease|外伤|injury|
|过敏|allergy|输血|blood transfusion
|首诊| First prenatal cheek-up |复诊| Routine examintain |
|孕周| gestational week |末次月经|LMP(last menstrual pernd |
|产次| Parity |孕次| gravidity |
|多胎| Multiple gestation |足月产≥37| Term |
|早产28-37| Preterm |流产| Abortion 
|宫外孕|exfetation|手术|operation
|子宫|uterus||
|先天畸形|congenital malformation|遗传病|heritable disease
|浮肿|edema|诊断|diagnosis
|医嘱|doctor's advice|胎儿|fetus
|处理|treatment|体温|temperature
|存活| Living |产前保健| Prenatal care |
|预产期| EDD(expected date of delivery) |产房| labour |
|预产期-末次月经|EDD-LMP（expected date of delivery - last menstrual period）|预产期-超声孕龄|EDD-AUA（expected date of delivery - average ultronsonic age）|
|血压| BP（blood pressvire）|宫高| Fundal height |
|腹围| Waist hip |胎心| Fetal heart |
|胎心率| Fetal heart rate （fhr）
|身高| Height |体重| Weight |
|孕前体重|pre_weight|当前体重|current_weight
|体重增加|weight_gain|
| BMI | Body mass index |胎方位| Fetal position |
|血型| Blood type |先露| Presentation |
|脉搏| pulse |筛查| Screening |
|病史| Medical history |现病史| HPI（history of present illness）|
|既往史| Past medical history |家族史| family history |
|月经史| Menstrual history |生孕史（孕产史）| Pregnancy History |
|衔接| engagement |初产| primiparity |
|经产| Multiparity |单双胎| singleton twin(s) multiple |
|产前| antepartum |产时| intrapartum  |
|产后| postpartum |高危妊娠| High-risk pregnanog |
|产后出血| Postpartum hemorrhage |子痫| Eclampsia |
|羊水过多| Poly hydramnion |羊水过少| Oligohydramnios |
|死产| Stillbirth |死胎| Fetus death |
|新生儿窒息| Neonatal asphyxia | 
|产程图| partogram |妊娠图| Pregnogram |
|胎盘|Placenta|标本|specimen
|穿刺|puncture||
|胎盘早剥| Placental abruption |妊娠高危| pregnancy highrisk|
|双顶径| BPD(biparietal diameter)| 主诉|chief complaint
|唐氏筛查|Down's screening|21三体|Trisomy21
|地中海贫血|thalassemia|B超|ultrasound
|早-中-晚|early-middle-late|过程评估|process evaluation
|人绒毛膜促性腺激素|HCG|其他异常|other anomalies
|脐带血|umbilical cord blood（UCB）|绒毛|villus
|停经|menopause|脐血流|umbilical blood flow
|体格检查|physical check-up|
